at this point in time, you may be
wondering about this jump animation you
can see. We even set it up in the draw
player. So let's add that.
It's actually pretty easy to add. So
up here, if
keyboard.includes, we're going
to do space
uh and
PZ equals zero, meaning the
player's on the ground. Then we're going
to do ZVel equals 20. Now we're going
to have to add PZ and ZVel up here. So
let PZ equals zero. Player starts in the
ground. Let ZVel equals zero. The
player's not falling at the start.
Oh, there we go. Then in here, we're
going to add PZ to the drawPlayer
function. Let's add Z there. Then down
here, we're going to subtract Z from Y.
So Z is like a Y offset, but it's
not the same as Y. um
and it will give a jumping effect. So now
we have to do the actual jump animation.
Super easy actually. We're going to
simulate gravity by doing if pz is
greater than zero or zvel is
greater than zero, meaning the player's
in the air. Then we're going to do
pz plus equals zvel,
zvel minus minus, and
then annie equals jump.
Now, what the Z
is actually doing is it's just an
offset of the player's Y. We can move the
player around, um and
then the PZ will just move it up
and down, but it's Y will stay the same.
So that's what that is.
Now that is our project complete.
Your character is able to jump, move
around, and has all these animations
synced. Thank you for
programming with me today, and I
invite you to make cool stuff with
this newfound knowledge of sprite sheet
animation.